Update Service check monitor (#15950)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/create/types/custom_check.md

## Overview

> Service check monitors include any service check not reported by one of the [more than {{< translate key="integration_count" >}} integrations][1] included with the Agent. Service checks can be sent to Datadog using a [custom Agent check][2], [DogStatsD][3], or the [API][4]. For more information, see the [Service Check Overview][5]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service check monitors include any service check not reported by one of the [more than {{< translate key="integration_count" >}} integrations][1] included with the Agent. Service checks can be sent to Datadog using a [custom Agent check][2], [DogStatsD][3], or the [API][4]. For more information, see the [Service Check Overview][5].
```

## Monitor creation

> To create a [service check monitor][6] in Datadog, use the main navigation: *Monitors --> New Monitor --> Service Check*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a [service check monitor][6] in Datadog, navigate to **Monitors** > **New Monitor** and click **Service Check**.
```

A cluster alert calculates the percent of checks in a given status and compares it to your thresholds.

Each check tagged with a distinct combination of tags is considered to be a distinct check in the cluster. Only the status of the last check of each combination of tags is taken into account in the cluster percentage calculation.

{{< img src="monitors/monitor_types/process_check/cluster_check_thresholds.png" alt="Cluster Check Thresholds" style="width:90%;">}}

For example, a cluster check monitor grouped by environment can alert if more that 70% of the checks on any of the environments submit a `CRITICAL` status, and warn if more that 70% of the checks on any of the environments submit a `WARN` status.

> Set up a cluster alert:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up a cluster alert:
```

[2]: /developers/custom_checks/write_agent_check/
[3]: /developers/dogstatsd/
[4]: /api/v1/service-checks/
[5]: /developers/service_checks/#overview

> [6]: https://app.datadoghq.com/monitors#create/custom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[6]: https://app.datadoghq.com/monitors/create/custom
```
